Big dreams and big thrills, Flying high, imagine the absurd
A star rushing over in front Of your eyes, Grabit and setit on fire
Can you believeit's only the beginning? ] think I finally know what love is
Ready Or not we're going trust me, Soldiers knocking doors down yelling out
Forget about the war-like times, my heart shouts
Run and fly,If you're rocking with me oh oh
Here we go here we go satellite radio, Let my future know
Over the whole world and KWANGYA, For me to say I loved without regrets
I've been waiting for you, welcome Whereverit may be, we're coming together [MARK LEADS]
Don't worry about anything It'II be alright, Hello Future [MARK LEADS]
Because [ met yOU, we shine brighter together yeah yeah [HAECHAN LEADS]
Ey we're on the way up we're on the way up
Let's build only with bedutiful times yeah yeah yeah, We're going way up we're going
On our way up Hello Future, On our way up Hello Future
Ey I got to meet your future self
When we put our hands together above the boundary we are So alike
What more will we find or will we smilein the end, Callit afatefrom now on
Fire fire like a small flower that has survived in the thick smoke
I'mloving youin the same time
Here we go here we go, spredd your wings, Evenifit gets snapped and get hurt again
You're stronger than anyone, I'II stilllove you even in the future and beyond
I've been waiting for you, welcome Whereverit may be, we're coming together [JAEMIN LEADS]
Don't worry about anything, It'"I be alright, Hello Future [JAEMIN LEADS]
Because [ met yoU, we shine brighter together yeah yeah [CHENLE LEADS]
Ey we're on the way up we're on the way up
Let's build only with bedutiful times yeah yeah yeah We're going way up we're going
Ey I'mtryna center me hey where your center be?
Willlbe able to keep walking unwavering
Too many cynical Entropy that went backwards, I wonder where you will be waiting
It's not far Open your eyes
Everything I wantedis you, we're on our way up
In the burnt ashes with tender warmth ready to clap back
Peace isn't so far awayI only wished and wanted for the painful time to be short
Who you gon believe?
I've been waiting for you, welcome Whereverit may be, we're coming together [JISUNG LEADS]
Don't worry about anything It'"I be alright, Hello Future [JISUNG LEADS]
Because [ met yOU, we shine brighter together yeah yeah [JENO LEADS]
Ey we're On the way up we're on the way up
Let's build only with bedutiful times yeah We're going way up We're going way up
Stay by my side
Only you are my future, Just keep looking to the stars
I've been waiting for you Hello Future